# Toggle Class
### For Lua and CoronaSDK

__Author: Adam Buchweitz [(email)](mailto:adam@adambuchweitz.com "Email me")__

Version 1.1

Written and supported by Adam Buchweitz and Crawl Space Games

http://crawlspacegames.com
http://twitter.com/crawlspacegames
http://twitter.com/adambuchweitz


For inquiries about Crawl Space, email us at
heyyou@crawlspacegames.com

For support with this class, email me at
adam@crawlspacegames.com


Copyright (C) 2011 Crawl Space Games - All Rights Reserved


---


###:: FEATURES ::

This toggle is a simple toggle switch. It is capable of switching
between two images, with or without dynamic resolution, and can also
switch between two strings.

To toggle images, the only parameters needed are on and off images.
To use dynamic resolution images, simply supply additional parameters
for width and height.

To toggle strings, you have the option of supplying a font, a text
size, and a text color.

The toggle switches via touch, but you can also set the state manually,
and retrieve its state at any time.

Declare a default value with a 'state' parameter, and the method to
fire with a 'callback' parameter.

Your "on" and "off" images or strings will likely be different widths or
heights, so for visual display aid you may also assign a reference point.

---


###:: USAGE ::

<code>
    ToggleClass.new( params )
</code>


###:: EXAMPLE ::
####Switch between two images

<code>
    local toggle = require "toggle"

    local myToggle = toggle.new( { on = "path/to/imageOn.png", off = "path/to/imageOff.png", callback = myFunction } )
</code>


###:: EXAPMLE ::
####Switch between two images with dynamic resolution, and default the state to off

<code>
    local toggle = require "toggle"

    local params = {
        on        = "path/to/imageOn.png",
        onWidth   = 100,
        onHeight  = 50,
        off       = "path/to/imageOff.png",
        offWidth  = 100,
        offHeight = 50,
        state     = false,
        callback  = myFunction
    }

    local myToggle = toggle.new( params )
</code>

###:: EXAMPLE ::
####Switch between two centered strings with a custom font, size, and color

<code>
    local toggle = require "toggle"

    local params = {
        onText         = "On",
        offText        = "Off",
        font           = "Helvetica",
        textSize       = "24",
        textColorOn    = { 255, 0, 0 },
        textColorOff   = { 0, 255, 0 },
        referencePoint = display.CenterReferencePoint,
        callback       = myFunction
    }

    local myToggle = toggle.new( params )
</code>

###:: EXAMPLE ::
####Change the VISUAL state manually, this does NOT fire the attached callback

<code>
	myToggle.setState(true)
</code>

###:: EXAMPLE ::
####Change the state manually and fire its attached callback

<code>
	myToggle.setState(true, true)
</code>

